Language design section (#12)
chhoumann/p4: Report/sections/2_design/language_design.tex

        Line([2, 2], [2, 4], Cliff);

        Square(position, size, Cliff);
        Square([8, 8], 4, Cliff);
    }

    OnScreenEntered
    {
        if Player.CompletedQuest(...) 
        {
            SetTile([4, 0], Stair);
        }
    }

    Entities
    {
        SpawnEntity(Skeleton1, [4, 4]).SetMovePattern(Square1);
    }
    
    Exits 
    {
        // Two different ways to create an exit
        // Specific tile(s) or whole screen side
        Exit1 = Create Exit([4, 0], SampleScreen2.Exit1);
        Create ScreenExit(Bottom, SampleScreen2);
    
        // COULD HAVE: Floor exits that lead to another screen at the same normalized 
        // coordinate \fxfatal{Remove if we don't maee FloorExits}
        Create FloorExits(  
            [ 
                [4, 0] 
                [5, 0], 
                [9, 0], 
                [10, 0] 
            ],
            SampleScreen2
        )
    }
}
\end{lstlisting}

Code snippet~\ref{lst:SampleScreen1} gives an example of a screen. The contents thereof are explained below.

\section{Language design - sprint 1}
% We have not discussed whether we represent changes in our language over time or not.

> To start designing the programming language, we set out to specify a minimum viable product (MVP). We decided to start small but with expansion in mind.

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase so we don't use "we"

\subsection{Types}

> In our programming language, we decided to have 4 different types with corresponding array-types.

Reviewer: maybe rephrase so it doesn't get personal.

\begin{multicols}{3}
\begin{enumerate}
    \item Numbers\label{item:numbertype}
    \item Booleans\label{item:booleantype}
    \item Strings\label{item:stringtype}
    \item Tiles\label{item:tiletype}
    \item Arrays*\label{item:arraytype}
\end{enumerate}
\end{multicols}

\ref{item:numbertype} should denote both integer and floating point types. The actual type will be determined through context. \ref{item:booleantype} will be used for conditional expressions and control flow.
\ref{item:stringtype} will be used for naming.
\ref{item:tiletype} is an important type: it is the type behind every tile in the generated games.
\ref{item:arraytype} means that every type in the list will have a corresponding array type. This is to say that arrays are parametric - for example, an array could be an array of numbers.

\subsection{Keywords}

> These are the reserved keywords we use. We have introduced a convention that define all block-indicators\fxfatal{What do we call them? We have a semi-convention, but there is nothing to completely tie them together. Should we have a proper convention here?} to be denoted by an upper-case first character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the reserved keywords that have been used.  A convention has been introduced that defines all block-indicators\fxfatal{What do we call them? We have a semi-convention, but there is nothing to completely tie them together. Should we have a proper convention here?} to be denoted by an upper-case first character.
```

\ref{itm:Player} is globally accessible and always points to the player. This allows the programmer to create interactions involving the player. \fxfatal{unsure about how to describe this since there is nothing to describe at the moment - we do not have anything implemented}
    
\subsection{Built-in functionality}
These are also keywords, but they represent library-like functions that a user can use to manipulate data.\fxfatal{I'm not keen on describing these functions because there is no implemented behavior yet.}
\begin{multicols}{3}
    \begin{itemize}
        \item \texttt{Size}
        \item \texttt{Walls}
        \item \texttt{Floor}
        \item \texttt{Line}
        \item \texttt{Square}
        \item \texttt{OnScreenEntered}
        \item \texttt{MoveLeft}
        \item \texttt{MoveRight}
        \item \texttt{MoveDown}
        \item \texttt{MoveUp}
        \item \texttt{PlayerInAggroRange}
    \end{itemize}
\end{multicols}
% Can fix spacing issues with multicol: \item[\vspace{\fill}]

\subsection{Control flow}
\subsubsection{If statements}

> If-statements do not contain parentheses unlike many other languages. They are followed by an expression and curly brackets which open a new scope that will be executed if the expression evaluates truthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If-statements do not contain parentheses, unlike many other languages. They are followed by an expression and curly brackets which open a new scope that will be executed if the expression evaluates truthy.
```
